+++
date = "2016-10-12T18:03:08+01:00"
title = "A talk by Jack Self "
eventdate = "12. October 2016"
eventtime = "18:00–20:00"
thumbnail = "images/quicksandimage_jackself.png"
type = "post"
+++

#### on Self-Initiation


**Time:** 20:00 – 21:00
**Date:** 12th of October 2016 
**Location:** Big Auditorium (first floor)
Sandberg Instituut, Overschiestraat 188
*The event is open to all.*

JACK SELF is an architect and writer based in London. He is Director of the REAL foundation, as well as curator of the 2016 British Pavilion at the Venice Biennale with Shumi Bose and Finn Williams. During the Biennale, REAL launched the first issue of The Real Review, a bi-monthly magazine about architecture and spatial practice. As an editor for Strelka Press (2011-13) he developed the first print-on-demand books on architecture. He also founded Fulcrum, a free weekly “pursuing architecture and the third millennium” based at the Architectural Association in London. He edited Real Estates: Life Without Debt (Bedford Press, 2014) and is a Contributing Editor for the Architectural Review. Recently he spoke about the future of housing at the IABR 2016.

<!--more-->

QUICKSAND is a series of student run lectures and dinners. The series is produced by Arthur Röing Baer and Floris van Driel. In the series we ask, as we find ourselves either too centered to influence or too peripheral to care (and vice versa), what are the actual possibilities of politicality within design (& art)?

This evening is funded by the Design department in collaboration with Het Nieuwe Instituut and Critical Studies.

Hope to see all of you there.
